so up to this point the biggest flip
book I had made was 658 pages this flip
book is 900 pages hey guys so do you
remember a while back I did a line
challenge flip book or basically I
wanted to take a simple line and see how
much life and animation I could put into
it well for today's video I got thinking
what could be more challenging than a
line how about a dot what could I do
with just a dot okay so first things
first I'm using a Copic marker but the
tip is too fine I need a bigger dot so I
kind of hate doing this but
[Music]
I have some replacement tips so don't
worry so what I want to do is see if I
can tell a compelling story using just
dots as characters and even though it's
just going to be dots moving around I
want to see if I can tell a story that
actually has some emotion to it before
we dive in this video is sponsored by
audible did you guys know that a recent
study found that 27 percent of adults
say they have not read a single book in
the past year
lack of time being the main reason why
this is one of the reasons I love
audible so much because you can listen
while you're commuting you're exercising
we're just flexing at home there are
thousands of titles to choose from three
audiobooks that I have listened to
recently and loved are the greatest
salesman in the world the graveyard book
it's read by author Neil Gaiman and I
think I could listen to his voice all
day long and The Grapes of Wrath the
narrator his performances for every
character are so spot-on I just love
listening to it so get your own
audiobook and two free audible originals
with a free 30-day trial visit
audible.com slash animation or text
animation to 500 500 that's audible.com
slash Andy Mason or text animation to
500 500 all right let's get into this
okay one problem I'm having already is
that if I put the marker down for a
minute while I'm switching pages the
marker tip starts to dry out a little
bit and so then the dot looks kind of
misshapen so what I'm doing now is
before I make a new dot I tap the marker
on a scrap piece of paper a couple times
to get the ink flowing and then when I
touch the marker to the flip of paper
the dot looks nice and round again and
actually after a while my dot filled
scrap paper I think it kind of looks
cool
[Music]
the one thing I'm doing here that really
helps is when the dots are bouncing I've
made a template for myself to follow
otherwise it would be too easy to lose
track of placement and timing especially
since there's no background that I can
refer to just the blank page so this way
I just follow the pattern and then I
know the bounces are gonna stay
consistent its timing will stay the same
and it's going to land in the same spot
every time all right well I really don't
want to talk too much about the story
that I have in mind because I don't want
to spoil it I want you to just be able
to watch it and hopefully it comes
across naturally without me telling you
what it's about upfront so I'll just say
that this part here I'm hoping it will
feel sort of dance-like or playful
anyway I don't want to spoil anything
else I'll just let you guys watch the
rest of the time-lapse without me
talking
[Music]
all right it's finished and the total
count is 900 pages luckily this flip
book was really fast to animate because
well it's just dots but all in all this
took me about 19 hours to animate I
really hope you guys liked it here it is
you
[Music]
thanks for watching guys I loved making
this one and I would love to hear your
thoughts also I want to let you guys
know that I'm gonna be posting some
additional content to my animation
Facebook page so be sure to follow me on
Facebook and if you go there now you'll
be able to see a version of this flip
book that I filmed in stop-motion I'll
put a link below so go check it out and
then come back here to watch more
flipbook and animation videos stay safe
and I'll see you in the next video
Oh